Update stomp repo (#402)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/stomp_planner/stomp_planner_tutorial.rst

Prerequisites
-------------

>  1. You must have the latest version of MoveIt for your ROS distribution installed. As STOMP is distributed independently you can savely install the packaged version of MoveIt however. STOMP then needs to be build from source, we will go through the steps for doing this below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. You must have the latest version of MoveIt for your ROS distribution installed. As STOMP is distributed independently you can safely install the packaged version of MoveIt however. STOMP then needs to be build from source, we will go through the steps for doing this below.
```

#. Adjust the line ``<rosparam command="load" file="$(find panda_moveit_config)/config/stomp_planning.yaml" />`` to ``<rosparam command="load" file="$(find <robot_moveit_config>)/config/stomp_planning.yaml" />`` replacing ``<robot_moveit_config>`` with the name of your MoveIt configuration package.
#. Download `stomp_planning.yaml <https://github.com/ros-planning/panda_moveit_config/blob/melodic-devel/config/stomp_planning.yaml>`_ file into the config directory of your MoveIt config package. In our case, we will save this file in the ``panda_moveit_config/config`` directory. Create the "*stomp_planning.yaml*" configuration file. This file contains the parameters required by STOMP.  The parameters are specific to each ''planning group'' defined in   the SRDF file.  So if there are three planning groups, then the configuration file defines a specific set of parameters for each  planning group. In our case there is only one planning group, i.e., the "panda_arm".

>    **>** *Save this file in the* **config** *directory of the moveit_config package*. Also make sure that the dimensionality of the `stddev` array parameter is the same as the number of joints present in the planning group name of your robot. **This example is for a seven DoF robot while most industrial robots have only six DoF**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **>** *Save this file in the* **config** *directory of the moveit_config package*. Also make sure that the dimensionality of the `stddev` array parameter is the same as the number of joints present in the planning group name of your robot. This example is for a 7 DoF robot. Industrial robots will often have 5-6 DoF. **Check the DoF of your robot!**
```
